The Joe Rogan experience.
That would've been an interesting fight to see him versus could be,
but the way Vera controlled him on the ground.
Yeah. I don't think it would've been interesting.
Yeah. Ask that. But we wanted to know, you know,
what would happen cuz Tony's D off of his back, you know,
like submitted Kevin Lee, right? No.
He's, he's got good S you know, elbows know he's, he's tough. He's very,
very, very tough.
I think I'm more interested in seeing Oliver fight for the title than anybody in
that division. Yeah.
He's gotta do think Oliver versus KIB would've went.
I don't know. Same thing that would've happened to everybody else. I,
you think so? I think so. You know, it's like, CBEs just too good. Yeah. I,
I think, you know, CIBS that go to that, that division for me.
Yeah. I believe so. Yeah. I believe he's the go to that division,
but I don't know what would happen with Olivera until you see it.
See with Olivera,
like there are moments like when Cub Swanson knocked him out there's moments and
you go back in his career and you go, oh, well, this guy's not the greatest.
And then you see him in some fights, like the Kevin Lee fight,
we submitted Kevin Lee, put him out and then Kevin wakes up and thinks,
thinks he's still fighting. Right. Um, submits Tony in a spectacular way.
And just, just he's so technical. Yeah. Like everything's so good.
He's never outta position. Everything's so he doesn't force anything.
Everything looks amazing. It Jitsu looks really good. Oh, amazing. It's amazing.
And you go, man, I wanna see him fight for the title. I wanna see him fight.
Dustin. I wanna see him fight Connor. I wanna see him fight.
Whoever else is in that division. I don't think.
Connor's gonna be a contender anymore though. I think that's it.
I think that's it. You know, it's like, um, you know,
I'm sure he'll make money and you know,
he'll probably fight a few more times if he wants to, but it's like, um, I,
I just, you know, it's like, he, he, you know,
I think time has probably taken us total. Do.
You think that's it,
or do you think it's just money and motivation and spending a lot of time out of
the sport? I mean, look, he's training for Floyd.
So he is boxing for a long time. Then he takes two years off.
He's fighting Kabe. Right. You know, and then he beats cowboy,
but just swarmed him, you know, swarmed him, jumped on him real quick,
hurt him quick and, and stopped him. And cowboy.
Was always a slow starter. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, uh, that, I, I think it just,
you know, maybe it's time, maybe it's maybe it's desire. Maybe I, I don't know.
I don't have the answer, but I think the time has come went, it's.
Easy to say that after you see the result. Right. Yeah.
But what's interesting in that fight is there's moments in that fight where he
was having big success and he hurt dust.
And at one point in time with a big left hand. Yeah. But that low calf kick.
Yeah. That low calf kick is a beast. That's.
A, it changed, it changed the, you know, the look on his face, changed life.
Yeah. I think, I think me personally, I'm a Conner fan,
so probably I go a little bias on it, but I think it's more so, uh, that time,
you know, that time going to, uh,
boxing and then coming over first fight fighting KIB and then you take time off
and then you come back and then you fight cowboy and then you pandemic comes,
you get a whole nother year off and then you come back and you fight Dustin Poer
let's think about his last few fights. Let's think about his last three losses.
You got Floyd Mayweather. Mm-hmm <affirmative> right.
Arguably one of the greatest boxers of all time, if not,
definitely the best defensive boxers of all times, right? Yeah.
And one of the smartest boxers of all times, as far as how he did his career,
and then you lose the KIB yeah. You say it's the greatest 1, 55,
or ever even one around against. KIB probably drunk off as whiskey as well.
You know? Uh, then you got the Dustin Poer fight.
I think he's pretty serious about the Dustin Poer fight.
But I think at the same time,
I think he's thinking bigger than what he was at the time.
I think he's thinking about boxing, Pao,
doing all these other things that he does in there with, uh, my hands or this.
Fantastic. And it's time to show you guys that max,
Holloway's not the best boxer. He gets chopped at the leg.
Now it's hard to move. It's hard to move you.
Can't it's hard to defend a take down. It's hard to grapple. It's hard to box.
It's hard to do anything. You know, me personally,
I never thought a Irish man could get knocked out until then. <laugh> you know,
so crazy night, you know? But yeah. I, I don't,
I don't necessarily think it's over for the guy.
I just think the guy has to not take a rich person's approach.
I think he has to take more of an approach.
He took back in the day when he was on welfare. Right. Go out there and get it.
Stop telling everybody what your training schedule is gonna be and just do what
the Jim tells you to do. Well, he was.
Still, he was pretty rich when he fought Eddie Alvarez, you know,
he was already a multimillionaire. It's not,
I don't necessarily think it's a rich thing.
I don't know if that affects him that much, but I do think it's inactivity.
And I do think that Dustin got a lot better and Dustin's at 1 45.
Dustin was depleted and diminished at 1 55. He's huge.
He doesn't even look like a 55 or he looks like a 70. Yeah.
He's his back is gigantic. Yeah.
And Dustin look at Dustin's series of victories.
Look at the people that he beat, beat the outta max Holloway. Yeah. Right.
That's.
Crazy. But that was at 1 55, not 45.
Right. But still you still old max hollow. Oh, he, he beat him.
He beat him and beat him with what max Holloway is best at, which is standup.
I mean, you see what max Holloway did to Calvin cater like Jesus Christ,
max Holloways standup is out outstanding. So he beats him for whatever reason.
He looked a little bit slow in that fight. Max did. Yeah.
I thought max looked a little bit off. Uh, when he fought, Dustin might be way.
Yeah. It's like, he just, he was a little bit slower. It's like, you know,
that last height, he looked so fast and some of the other fights, but.
It's by Alto and he's fighting Dustin.
Dos make fights. Dustin's.
Good, man. Oh, Dustin's very, he's good.
And he's not could be, he's not, you know, he's not, uh, you know, he's like,
he is good, but it's you think it.
Was dust victory rematch. You think, think, uh, hands down.
Dustin again. No, I would never say hands down. You never know.
Cuz Connor did have moments in that fight. They,
the first he had moments in the first round and Dustin said there was a moment
in that first round. Well, he got his bell wrong and he was in trouble.
Now imagine if Connor connects again, right? Imagine, I mean,
that's how fights are fights are weird. Things happen.
Loose Connor, Connor plays, touch button to park is, is, is a, a great Connor,
you know, he's moving and he's throwing those spinning heel kicks and.
The thing is.
Though, he's heavy on that front leg, wide karate stance. He, you know,
he's always doing this. He's always doing this man.
When that leg is available for that low Calca, that changes.
Everything changes your whole approach.
And Connor is also a guy that's never been known to like switch back and forth.
He doesn't like to have left leg forward. It's not,
that's not a common thing for him. No. So once his leg is getting chewed up,
you know, it's not like he's got that option.
Like he can fight just as good from Orthodox.
No. And it's probably worse from Orthodox now that he all, he,
his work on his boxing. Right. You know?
And it's like the things that he probably used to do from a switch dance,
you know, different kicks, different setups. It's probably not there anymore,
you know? Yeah. He's probably really, really great fighter from that one stance.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> but now when you take him outside of that dance,
he probably becomes, you know, almost like a C or D great fighter.
Well, they're talking about doing that fight again,
which a lot of people not to vision are, cuz they're like, well,
what the you guys are tying up? No, do it,
the championship do it because it's not really the championship.
They don't want the championship has not even been decided whether or not K
beeb's gonna step down. Yeah. So then there's been talk. Well,
they might do it again, but they'll do it for the belt. No, I think.
Char I think, uh, Charles and Chandler for, uh, even an intern belt,
just some type of belt Charles and Chandler makes sense.
People probably can get mad about that.
Cuz the Chandler's barely coming from Bellator over to UFC. But come on, dude.
He just knocked out Dan. Yeah. He didn't take him down and smash him,
smashed him, which we all thought he was gonna do.
He knocked him out one punch with that left hook that we talk about, right? Yep.
Yeah. Be long one too long left hook. Yeah.
So touched him to the body with the right hand, then left.
Hooked him. The, the Bronx guy, you know, Charles, you know, he's,
he's been doing great. He deserves to fight for a belt.
So him and uh, you know, Mr. Beto are fighting for a belt.
I think it sounds good. And I believe.
A Dustin fighting for the belt. Well, does.
That make sense? He's trying to make money right now. He's not.
Make his money lost. It could be. So it's like, you know.
He lost a CIB, you know, he almost submitted, he almost submitted Kabe.
You know, he had CIB in a really tight, guilty, yeah. Guilty, you know?
I mean he took him in a deep water for sure. Yeah. I mean,
I'm pretty sure it could be probably farted two times in that guilting.
You know what I mean? It's like, yeah. When you, when you get choke real hard,
it's like, you know, I mean, and you pass over and you're good to go.
You do you.
Like, what do you do with just engaging?
Cause just engaging. Just Chasey. Just got, he got, he got sub his performance.
I like Justin GCI, but his performance against KIB was, was embarrassing.
I don't know if.
It was embarrassing.
I don't that I think it was embarrasing he ran the whole time.
If I run like that against Derek Brunson, that's a problem.
Don't run from somebody just cause they.
Gotta keep way to land those leg kicks. Yeah. He was hurting to jab.
Definitely hurting jab. What's wrong with the jab. Nobody throws jab.
Don't you, you remember that? I want you to remember that.
You just said that you throw hook, throw, throw, throw the jab, throw the jab.
Yeah.
Set myself up. But yeah. I, I, I,
from everything I seen from Justin Gache and then that fight, I was like,
oh that dude. I, I, you didn't like it. I lost money on that. Hell yeah.
What do you think.
About Gache versus Chandler?
That's a good fight. That's that'd be fun.
That's a good fight. Yeah. That's a good fight.
Catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.